---
title: "Introduction to Node JS"
description: "Exciting news for all the Warriors out there! "
pubDate: "May 06, 2023"
heroImage: "../../../assets/events/2022-2023/intronode.jpg"
borderColor: "border-[#0F9D58]"
---

Exciting news for all the Warriors out there! <br /> <br />

The Google Developers Students Club UE - Caloocan is all set to host its first-ever event titled "Introduction to NodeJS" in the year 2023. It's an event that you definitely don't want to miss out on! This is an excellent opportunity for all those who are interested in getting to know more about backend development and its offerings. <br /> <br />

Get ready to explore the power of NodeJS! 🚀 Join us as we delve into the world of server-side JavaScript programming and learn how to build scalable, high-performance applications with ease. Whether you're a beginner or an experienced developer, our upcoming event on NodeJS will provide you with valuable insights and knowledge to take your skills to the next level. Don't miss out on this exciting opportunity to expand your horizons and join the NodeJS revolution! #NodeJS #JavaScript #ServerSideProgramming <br /><br />

Register here: <br />
bit.ly/IntroToNodeJS_RegistrationForm <br /><br />

We highly recommend that you mark your calendars and prepare to attend this event. It's going to be an amazing experience where you can connect with like-minded individuals, discover new things, and learn from the best. So, make sure to be there and be a part of this exciting event. <br /><br />

#GDSCUECaloocan <br />
#GoogleDeveloperStudentClubs <br />
#IntroductionToNodeJS
